A fire lookout tower horror or adventure story or maybe a little bit of both :
Inspirations: Tower 4, Firewatch and Fears to Fathom: Ironbark Lookout
A long string of weird happenings and shenanigans. I would like the character to be well armed and stocked, but idk how well that would work, bc there would have to be an explanation for why this guy has AR's and a bunch of ammo. A shotgun or hunting rifle is perfectly reasonable. He's a hunter, an outdoorsman, perhaps a Vietnam vet who got a liking for the AK platform in Vietnam and bought an Izhmash Saiga semi automatic hunting carbine chambered in 7.62x51 NATO from a weapons auction in Texas. He takes a job in large forest in Wyoming or in the Appalachian mountains as a fire lookout looking for some peace and quiet, but strange things start happening during his time there. I could also draw a map for the area around the tower. He might hear strange rumours about the forest before he begins his hike to the tower. I'm not sure what is the cause of the weird shit in the forest, maybe some supernatural shit underground that sends out signals and it messes with your radio and its actually an alien calling for help and in the end the guy has a last stand against the aliens. Or maybe it's just some weirdo like in Firewatch, like you see him in your binoculars after strange occurences and you go to investigate. The area was formerly popular for camping so it has well established trails, camping areas and caves frequented by cavers and spelunkers. Maybe there is a wildfire or some other event that distracts the guy, the weirdo does something or steals something

Possible antagonists:
Aliens:humanoid alien crashlanded in the forest and hid in a cave to rest and now it needs to send signal into outer space to alert other aliens of his whereabouts, begins by using the equipment on the spaceship, (distorts radio) but realizes it's not enough so it has to use something else to create a powerful enough signal.

Some random guy:


Cults: 
A cult of satanists have been taking hikers as sacrifices from the trails for years and avoid taking people who work in the forest to avoid catching attention (because hikers disappearing on mountain trails isn't unheard of), but the trails have been closed for a reason or another and they need new sacrifices and can't wait for the trails to open so they take a hiker who came there regardless of the trails being closed (he might set out booby traps or perimeter alerts around the tower after that which saves him or they just save him for last because he would be the most trouble. At some point in the story he realizes there is someone out there, specifically something sinister and not a joker. Dispatch might be one of them, won't repeat your distress calls to authorities.) then the lookout from the other tower and then they come for you. Maybe the mc gets a distress call from the other tower's staffer over the radio and heads over there with his gun to check it out, though he finds nothing besides the tower being disheveled and there being a rabbit skull on the tower door

supernatural:
It's either Dean and Sam or perhaps a skinwalker or some kind of eldritch god

Secret military aircraft:
A secret military aircraft crashed near the forest and it's either carrying a virus which wouldn't really fit what I want the story to be or it's like a next gen spyplane of a foreign goverment and they attempt to eliminate anyone who could've possibly seen it, but if that happened, Paul's story would end very quickly and probably wouldn't be very interesting. He would realistically get shot immediately or even if he managed to kill the foreign operatives after him (unlikely), he wouldn't get far on foot considering it's a two day hike to the nearest town.


Chapters:
1 Backstory and arrival to the tower
2 Learning the routine and the job
3 Strange occurences begin 
4 Something happens and he realizes there is something sinister and not friendly in the forest
5 things quickly escalate and he either dies here in a last stand or 
6 runs the two day hike out of the forest in a single day